a visit to new pal is like no other
prepare yourself to be surrounded by a
luxurious and comforting atmosphere as
our team of designers offers you the
expert hair care and pampering you
deserve come to see and feel the
difference our salon has to offer you
found hair color studio the salon
created with you
mine started out when I was about 14
years old shampooing hair I love the
business it was in the family business
and the debt for a few years started
cutting hair around when I was 18 which
was pretty young but I was already in
the business for about four years or so
three to four years and just continued
on from there and worked in DC in
Georgetown then moved to Tyson's about
20 years ago or so I don't want to age
myself Ballas and you know we opened
first we fell about 15 years ago and
it's been great ever since started out
with the model that we had and I started
doing highlights for her so I'm actually
doing two different things I'm doing
color underneath highlight on top
brightening it up for she wanted to keep
it a little bit longer so I had a
consultation with her so I kept it long
I want to do a side-swept she had put it
down the middle I tried to switch the
part to the side and just giving her a
lot of flow a lot of texture on her air
she's just she's so beautiful and it
just looks so great on her and I think
it's amazing and I hope she's going to
love it our model busy and all the time
she's working and she wanted something a
little edgy I colored the base we took
out the gray and then I integrated a few
pieces designed for some highlight
pieces something natural but just to
give it a nice reflection or head was
good good candidate for a lot of texture
so you're gonna see me doing a lot of
texture for her you know a lot of
thinning a lot of texturizing through
the whole haircut which was amazing him
so much fun for me and and with all my
guests I showed them how to style I have
a system that I show them where to begin
with the bangs how to blow-dry each
section and continue on through the back
after she came one she came back and I'm
so grateful and she's she looked
beautiful Sylvia has been with us for
over five six years it's great colors
her haircuts are excellent and also
Sylvia has been featured in these
international hair books you know you're
very lucky to be involved and Sylvia is
one of the stylists that gets in there
most almost every time with our models
it's wonderful Sylvia's guests came in
she had a consultation with her and she
decided to keep her hair long she likes
it long and I felt it was great it was
sexy it had a lot of volume it had a lot
of texture
she started with the highlighting all
through
the hair and then I believe put a little
blender in and just made it look amazing
and it just worked great for and so we
did a great job she just does phenomenal
work her finish is amazing Irina is
amazing she does great work for us
she has great highlights she's good with
coloring our haircuts are amazing she's
wonderful with makeup she's one of our
makeup artists I mean she just turned
her model into something beautiful she
started out you know longer hair she
decided they had a consultation she
decided to make it shorter for her and
just gave her a phenomenal look she did
highlights throughout
I like how she finished the back where
it's really short and just just shaped
her face I mean it just does a
phenomenal job finishing the hair hair
is probably our one number-one thing
that we do and and and we try to stick
to what we do best and then we also
while you're here you can get your nails
done pedicure facial waxing you know we
had some other services as well so when
you're here you can pay for yourself
Patrick's been with me for over 15 years
and he just does mockable work he's
great with highlights coloring he has
one of the huge stars from wrestling
Batista comes in all the time with our
guests the hair look amazing he just it
was brilliant I mean he the way he
flipped it out it framed her face he did
a great job the haircut was great it
framed and it did what it need to do and
she was very happy and I hope she comes
back and I think she will and she loved
it I like the technique used heated dark
underneath and then he did beautiful
beautiful highlighting between the red
he continued the red from the bottom to
the top with the blond highlights she
just looked amazing it was such a
beautiful color and I know she was happy
when she left she was big smiles and she
just loved it Mayer is probably one of
the top stylists in the area she's
worked all over the country now she's
doing the Brazilian straightening system
which is amazing for the hair she does
great highlights her precision haircuts
are just amazing I mean you just got to
come in and see him and just go to her
and she just does such wonderful jobs so
sit down and talk to you and do
something that that you know that will
look good on you her model just looked
amazing when she was done she had done
the highlights for her the two-toned
highlights and then she finished her off
for the beautiful haircut the model was
beautiful I mean I couldn't I couldn't
be
happier Lauren just joined our team and
this is a phenomenal hairstyle she's a
great finisher she does amazing
highlights a precision haircut and as
well if she need a little edgy blow
shoulder she's the hairstylist for that
Lauren just did a great job with the
model she created a base for our guests
to work with her skin she kept it dark
she decided not to do highlights and it
didn't need it I saw it was brilliant
was just fabulous she did the root base
pulled it through the model was happy I
was happy it looks great and Lauren did
an excellent job brandy is probably one
of the top stylist as well she just
joined our team and we're so happy to
have her she's been featured in some of
the competitions that have been around
the country you know she's the type
where if you didn't want it too edgy she
can give you a business look and if you
want a little edgy she's there to do
that and create something wonderful and
frame it and a lot of texture and
movement in the hair she went short on
this model and I think was exactly what
she needed
she took her down too short
colored it she's giving her a beautiful
base very shiny and with the haircut I
love the way it's textured I like the
bangs it just worked with her it worked
with our face to work with with the
model her eyes stood out it was just a
beautiful work new fail hair color
studio the salon created with you in
mind we've been around the area for so
many years and we're always looking for
great talent and there's so many
talented people in the area and we're
always welcoming anybody that you don't
wants to join our team and join the
franchise and come with us and be part
of our team you fail hair color studio
is a full-service salon dedicated to
providing you with the ultimate care and
professional hair design advanced
coloring and highlighting techniques
manicures pedicures facial waxing and
makeup services home to see and feel the
difference our salon has to offer